Recycling
Mr. Bull the binman is collecting the rubbish.
It is early morning so Mr. Bull tries to
be as quiet as he can.
But Mr. Bull is not very good at being quiet.
Peppa and George are finishing their breakfast.
What's that noise?
It's Mr. Bull the binman.
Hello, Mr. Bull.
Hello, everyone.
Must be off.
Lots of rubbish to collect!
Bye!
Mr. Bull has emptied the rubbish bin for us.
Good! Let's clear up the breakfast things.
Can we help, Mummy?
Yes, you can!
Let's throw this empty bottle in the bin.
Peppa, stop!
What?
We don't put bottles in the rubbish bin.
They can be recycled.
What does that mean?
All the things we can't use again,
we put in the rubbish bin for Mr. Bull.
But all the things that can be used again
are put in these recycle boxes.
The red one is for newspapers.
The blue one is for tin cars
and the green one is for bottles.
Peppa, you have a bottle,
so which box does it go in?
Errm, the green one!
Yes!
This is fun!
Now, it's George's turn.
Can you find a newspaper forthe red box?
George wants to recycle Daddy Pig's newspaper.
Ho ho, I haven't finished with
my newspaper just yet, George.
You can have it in a minute.
Oh, all right!
Here you are, George!
Newspapers go in the red box, George.
Now that we have collected enough things,
we can go to the recycle center.
Hooray! Let's go!
Mummy Pig has the bottles.
Peppa has the tin cans
and George has the newspapers.
Is everybody ready?
Yes, Daddy Pig!
Then let's go!
Recycle! Recycle!
We're going to recycle.
Tin cans!
Bottles!
Newspapers!
Recycle! Recycle!
We're going to recycle.
This is Miss Rabbit's recycle center.
We're here!
Hooray.
Hello, there!
Hello, Miss Rabbit.
Have you come to do some recycling?
Yes, we have.
Jolly good!
Carry on!
What's Miss Rabbit doing?
She's recycling all the rusty, old cars.
Wow!
Who can tell me which bin
the bottles go in?
The green one!
That. S right!
And the cans go in the blue one!
Well done! Peppa.
George wants to recycle the newspapers.
OK, George,
You can do the newspapers.
There!
That's enough recycling forone day.
Yes, let's go home.
Oh, where's our car gone?
Peppa's car has disappeared.
Stand back!
Miss Rabbit is recycling Peppa's car.
Stop! That's ourcar!
What? Ls it really?
Yes!
Ourcar isn't old and rusty!
Silly me, I just love recycling.
Yes, so do we.
But we also love our little car!
Yes, nd our little car loves us too.
Don't you?